# Word Counter

 #### Created for Epicodus class project, 10/27/17

 #### By **Patrick Napper**

 ## Description

 An app for a hair salon. The owner can add a list of the stylists, and for each stylist, add clients who see that stylist. The stylists work independently, so each client only belongs to a single stylist.

 ## Specifications

 * 1. User enters nothing. Check to see that database is empty.
  Sample Input: nothing
  Sample Output: nothing

 * 2. User inputs a client name twice. Checks to see that the override is working if names are same.

  Sample Input: "Adam Connover" and "Adam Connover"
  Sample Output: True.

 * 3. User inputs a client name. Tests to see if client details are saving to the database.

  Sample Input: "Adam Connover"
  Sample Output: "Adam Connover"

 * 4. User inputs a new client name and a client id is generated by the database.

  Sample Input: "Adam Connover"
  Sample Output: 2

 * 5. Tests to see if client can be found by id in database.

   Sample Input: 2
   Sample Output: "Adam Connover"

 * 6. User wants to change a client name.

 Sample Input: "Adam Connover"
 Sample Output: "Don King"

 * 7. User inputs a stylist name twice. Checks to see that the override is working if names are same.

  Sample Input: "Paul Mitchell" and "Paul Mitchell"
  Sample Output: True.

 * 8. User inputs a stylist name. Tests to see if stylist details are saving to the database.

  Sample Input: "Paul Mitchell"
  Sample Output: "Paul Mitchell"

 * 9. User inputs a new stylist name and a stylist id is generated by the database.

  Sample Input: "Paul Mitchell"
  Sample Output: 2

 * 10. Tests to see if stylist can be found by id in database.

   Sample Input: 2
   Sample Output: "Paul Mitchell"

 ## GitHub Pages address:

 ## Setup

 * _Clone this repository_
 In MySQL:
 USE patrick_napper;



 ## Technologies Used

 MVC
 Razor
 HTML


 Copyright (c) 2017 **_Patrick Napper Inc._**

 This software is licensed under the MIT license.
